AI Usage Journal
Lina Romero-Fabian
lromerof@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0202
Week 1
This week, I used AI to help me find affordable places to stay as I plan for future travels. It made comparing hotel and Airbnb prices much faster and even suggested some destinations I hadn’t considered. I also used AI to brainstorm some ideas for personal projects and areas I can grow more on or focus some more time on more. I also used AI to find ways to improve in my current internship by asking for tips on productivity. This week using AI has helped me save time, generate new ideas, and look more into both my personal and professional goals. 

Week 2
This week, I used AI to help me find the "best" food recommendations in new jersey city. I also asked it what are unique places to visit in new jersey that I cannot find in the DMV. It gave me a list of places and explained why those places were special. I also asked AI to built be an itinerary for 2 days in New York. It gave me New Yorks most common and popular spots. I would say I used AI a good amount this week for building an itinerary or ideas on what to do in New Jersey and New York.  

Week 3 
This week, I used AI to generate ideas for activities to do with my sister. She is coming from out of the country, so I asked AI to provide me with things to do that are unique to the United States. I also asked for it to give me some recommendations for places to eat since my sister is pescatarian, but I am allergic to fish, so I need to find places that have fish and non-fish options. I also asked AI for nice places to go bike riding and hiking.

Week 4 
This week, I used AI to help give me ideas on where to go when I travel to Peru in the spring. I asked it for tourist and local spots. With each location I would ask for the history of the people and place. I also asked AI to give me hiking trails in peru that are attractions and I cant get in the United States. I asked for areas that were more rocky than sandy.

Week 5 
This week, I used AI to help me make plans with my sister. We were in DC and did not know what to do so we asked chatgpt what were things to do around us. Chatgpt had many options and asked follow up questions asking if we had any specific hobbies. We also used it to find some free sights in DC. 

Week 6 
This week I used AI to help me find the best suitcase to buy. It gave me a handful of options but a lot were expensive so then I set a price limit. It was very helpful and helped me pick out a suitcase to get. Although the links it provided me with were inaccurate, it gave me enough information to just be able to search it on my own.

Week 7
This week I used AI to help me look for ideas to do with my friend from germany when we meet up in new york city. I asked for unique things to do that are not the typical tourist attractions. It provided me with a list of things to do and places to visit that I would not have thought of on my own. I also used AI to help me find good places that have matcha lattes since we both love anything matcha.

Week 8
This week I used AI to tell me the best places to hike in peru. I am going to peru in a few months and wanted to know what were some good hiking spots. It provided me with a list of places and a little description of each place. I also used AI to help me find good places to eat in lima since I will be staying there for a few days. It gave me a list of places with different types of food and price ranges.

Week 9
This week I am seeing my really good friend from germany in NYC. I asked AI to help me find the best matcha places in NYC and asked for an itinerary since we do not have much time together. I also asked AI to give me top rated places for views, and it gave a bunch of options asking followup questions like if we wanted to see a sunset during the morning or evening.